simulation nation let me get a big oh
y'all heard what happened NC
double-a and EA cannot come to green
with the financial part of their
contract so their contract did not get
renewed what does this mean we really
don't know it might not be a NC double-a
game next year with yes I mean without
not with ESPN but with a ea on it it
might be a different name game that
comes out next year or somebody else
might have a chance another company
might have a chance to pick up this
contract or the game might just go away
just like college basketball just went
away it might disappear we might only
have Matt in the plate and this will be
ashamed because this NC double-a was the
best NC double-a in histories I mean
like the one with this my Howard on the
cover that was pretty good that was like
a lot of people said I was a really good
game that officer off-the-field stuff
was good the dynasty mode is everything
the gameplay they're all the players
play pretty decent I mean but this game
by far is the best for gameplay and they
give you more options with the ultimate
team and different things like that the
coaching carousel get different
countries conferences you can change so
it just is so much going on now with the
game I mean I feel like this was the
best one a lot of people have said this
is the best NC they live all the time so
it's light it was finally starting to
get their act together and now it might
get all over and I know some of the same
hairs of thinking like yeah yeah yeah
this is great this is great but this
could actually be bad because i'd
imagine NC double-a a lot of people said
for years NC double-a was the better of
the two so this might be a crushing blow
because we might be stuck with only
and football and for some people that's
good but for a lot of people that is not
good at all so you guys let me know what
you think and this is starting to
surface I thought about it but my man
trying to get dumped on boys came out
with it we won't read nominate rockstar
to make a football game we feel like how
rockstar so detailed there when they
make their games whatever they want a
complete game that if they made a
football game it would be it probably
would be the best game and probably even
blow 2k5 up I mean just for as far as
detailed but at the same time we could
be wrong because I know the Grand Theft
Auto series last game i felt like i was
playing the same game just like I we had
that argument with EA feel like we were
playing the same game by the 2012-2013
game actually felt like the same game NC
double-a and a few Madden's have felt
like saying game but like I said we're
going to have Auto for felt like saying
address just different characters pretty
much in a different city I mean we will
see when grand theft auto 5 comes out
because you think about it and our time
for playing the game we've only played
four games so and it's being with like
two on each gin so their dev psychol to
make a game is sold like long you should
come up with a whole bunch of different
up advances to your product over a
three-year dev psychol and that's one
thing we're nosing now about Madden cuz
they come out with a game every year and
NC double-a they can't do but so much in
a dev psychol so if Sony or rock star or
whoever comes out with a game they might
run into the same kind of problems with
that is running too because of the
frequency of the games they don't have
enough time to do all the upgrades or
implement all
things they want to put into a game to
work out the bugs before its time to
release the the next year the annual
game so that might be some of the
problems that he is running too but like
a lot of guys are saying about the dish
space and all that kind of stuff EA was
limited I I thought about a rock star
game how they're gonna you can tell this
game is gonna be way more advanced grand
theft auto 5 is gonna be way more
advanced than grand theft auto four like
this did the playing field is they're
saying the biggest I've ever been the
graphics are way more detail so it's
like how can they advance their game so
much i think the devs will finally learn
how to operate around the system like
right now this NC double-a i think they
finally figured out how to do some of
the things they want to do and so that's
why the games are starting to get better
and now we get ready to go to another
gin new console when we run to the same
kind of problems again with a learning
curve with depths so we would be stuck
with the same kind of games for the next
two or three years now a lot of these
things on the table man a lot of you
guys I don't know if y'all are really
thinking about this stuff and depth like
I'm thinking about it but we might be in
for rude awakening people ah I'm not
gonna lie this is one of my favorite
games I play NC double-a for a long time
ever since dre bly was playing for the
hurricane not hurricanes for the the tar
heels you know i was baking like 97 i
want to say i was 97 when he played
avatar he is when he had that breakout
year so it's been a long ride for me man
a long ride and I'm gonna hate like you
seeing this series die unless somebody
comes and replace it with a better game
now i'm all for like i was thinking
about it if 2k was to make a game
and you know i had to k is it master at
copying players their likeness if they
could make like an ultimate game over
all the time where you make all the
teams you put like the all-time players
on the team and now they can pay those
players for their name or whatever but
now we will feel like we playing with
charlie ward or with a bo jackson or or
the Calvin Johnson for Georgia Tech know
they can make all these all the time
guys Herschel Walker put them on a
bulldog and you can have these guys to
play with them on one team or maybe you
can do it like the cards and stuff you
can buy the cars and I feel like whoever
makes this game could make some money
off of it by a lot of people buy those
cars those packs and stuff online I feel
like that will be a good look for 2k
because they know how to just capture
players movements and with all the
different players with the Barry Sanders
and Lawrence Taylor's and everybody to
play college football Richard Weitz not
it Peyton Manning we will be able to see
all these players playing the way they
played back in college so it feel to be
so wide open we're gonna be wide open
man so maybe somebody can go back and
win the national title with Peyton
Manning and that's an entire he was
never able to do and so I'm gonna be
kind of cool but you guys let me know
your thoughts man's going on I was nine
minutes I'm out of here man cheap easy
don't hit the like button yeah he'd like
but subscribe subscribe